Reduce containers (#2466)
meilisearch/documentation: learn/fine_tuning_results/faceted_search.mdx

}
```

`facetDistribution` contains an object for every attribute passed to the `facets` parameter. Each object contains the different values for that attribute and the count of matching documents with that value. Meilisearch does not return empty facets: if there are no results for the Arabic language, it will not be present in `facetDistribution`.
`facetDistribution` contains an object for every attribute passed to the `facets` parameter. Each object contains the returned values for that attribute and the count of matching documents with that value. Meilisearch does not return empty facets: if there are no results for the Arabic language, it will not be present in `facetDistribution`.

> <Capsule intent="note">

Reviewer: I would keep this container and make it a "tip". It's extra information that could be helpful.

### Facet stats

> When using the `facets` parameter, Meilisearch results include a `facetStats` object. `facetStats` contains the lowest (`min`) and highest (`max`) numerical values across all documents in each facet. Meilisearch ignores numeric strings like `"21"` when computing `facetStats`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using the `facets` parameter, search results include a `facetStats` object. `facetStats` contains the lowest (`min`) and highest (`max`) numerical values across all documents in each facet. Only numeric values are considered; string values are ignored, even if the string contains a number.
```
